Fix for Granite model, add result visualization, misc updates (#49)
openshift-psap/llm-load-test: README.md

# llm-load-test

This tool is designed to load test large language models running in different runtimes / behind different APIs.

## Requirements

- Python 3.9 or newer

## Usage

**Installation**:

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

**Running the Tool**:

- Change/Update the configuration file `config.yaml` as needed for your test. Look at the appropriate plugin for the configuration options.

> - Run the tool with the following command: `python load_test.py -c config.yaml`

Reviewer: python3 maybe?  I suppose this depends on the interpreter

The tool's behavior can be customized using a YAML configuration file. Take a look at `config.yaml` for an example. More documentation on this should be added in the future.

**Results**:

> The tool will produce a results summary logged to stdout, and detailed test results along with its summary in json format in `outpu/output.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tool will produce a results summary logged to stdout, and detailed test results along with its summary in json format in `output/output.json`, or the output file specified in the config YAML.
```

> The tool will produce a results summary logged to stdout, and detailed test results along with its summary in json format in `outpu/output.json`.

Reviewer: the output file is configured in the config file under the 'output' key, I wouldn't hardwire this, but explain where the file comes from.
